doc: getting_started: Add instructions for multi-platform Zephyr SDK (#43008)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/beyond-GSG.rst

and tools used for developing software that runs
natively on your operating system.

You can install the :ref:`Zephyr SDK <zephyr_sdk>` to get toolchains for all
supported architectures.  Otherwise, you can install other toolchains in the
usual way for your operating system: with installer programs or system package

> managers, by downloading and extracting a zip archive, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
managers, by downloading and extracting a zip archive, and so on.
```

Author: done
